chore: update README and min pigeon version (#1100)
palomachain/paloma: README.md

> The current required version of libwasm is `1.3.0`. If you're upgrading from a prior version it is recommended to remove the cache to avoid errors. If you're already have `palomad` running, you will need to stop it before doing these steps.

Reviewer: should be updated as well here. The current required version of libwasm is `1.5.2`

Author: Good catch. Done!

> The current required version of libwasm is `1.3.0`. If you're upgrading from a prior version it is recommended to remove the cache to avoid errors. If you're already have `palomad` running, you will need to stop it before doing these steps.

Author: ```suggestion
The current required version of libwasm is `1.5.2`. If you're upgrading from a prior version it is recommended to remove the cache to avoid errors. If you're already have `palomad` running, you will need to stop it before doing these steps.
```
